hello to all of you guys this video
tutorial today I want you to see how
open the modem router ports
technicolor tg5 182 n of fastweb for
the xbox one to solve some
connectivity problem in Greece and
away saying
so let's start right away with you
see how the doors open
remember that you must first log in
obviously on the page of your modem
router
if you are not capable you do not know how
do go to start write here on
search bar command cmd give me my
the dos window will open in which
we will write ip config we will send and send
this data that comes out is gone
to extrapolate what is the gateway
default then this number here and
go back to it in the toolbar
addresses to be able to access precisely
to your router cracker page e
we will close the page of stored dos
I recommend the number that will be for me
192.168.1.1 4 for you it could be
different but not important
the important to access the page of the
router will open precisely the
by sending your page will open
of the router
I hate the connection that does not go well
fast for which I ask comes from this
window that the home page of yours
technicolor we're going to see how to open
precisely these doors for now
start by making sure by clicking on
Broadband connection to have the
modality
sorry about toolbox
check that you have the game mode
activated click on share game
applications and down here where it is
written choose an activity go up
game mode and make sure that up
status there is written enabled in the case
so it would not be enough to click this
rate below which for me is
disabled because I am enabled for
you are disabled it will be written
skill click it and go back up
game sharing applications
make sure you have np and wolves
in extended activation with yes a
side if it had not gone up
configure and tick these two
squares with the flag and fate apply to
at this point we are going to open ours
doors in which way
in this way where it is written
choose an activity all you do is
or create or modify an application
because I tell you to create or modify
because there are some people who have
both from xbox one and xbox 360 and so
they will have to create a new one for whom
instead it has only the xbox one will make modification
a game an application in this way
in the window you go to open
we will go here where there is written xbox live e
we will change at this time I do not
I can do it because I already have it
let's say busy on my xbox then
wait until I go to remove it like this
at least we do so we do removes
assignment
ok now we go we're up to
return that I'll show you
ok let's change a game
the app we said let's go on
xbox live and here we make changes here
as you can see there are more doors you will have
only these three sects do not do
other than adding the doors you see
written here by me like this
here where there is to choose says more dp
puts tcp network and these items you see
which you will write here and here
this does not write to us any net
voice remember the farr adds I do to you
see for example put tcp the first
at the top and 80 do tcp 80 tcp at 80 and tcp
80 and you are going to click add so me
obviously I ca n't add why
it's already there so I won't add it
but it makes me reach it without problems
and you will come to have this screen
remember that these parameters that
see above are the parameters that
allow you in gameplay
these are the parameters that there are
allow you to have few problems with
the chat
done that you do nothing but go
ad assign a game is an application a
local network device you see
here at this point you find yourself again
on the famous starting screen here
you will go to choose xbox live
here you will go to choose xbox one not
you will do nothing but add
and here you have added yours
let's say your port mapping
to your xbox
once you open the xbox it
you will see
remember that if you should give me
some kind of problem is not
possible up here one would come up
written you can not assign
I address them to these minister
out of these types of errors
remember to check that
the problem was not the dmz in that
meaning now I'll show you if you
come back up here sharing games
applications see what is written
configure a device as dmz
connected to the LAN network
make sure this one is there
written ability means that it is
disabled in this case heaven
enabled because I have the dmz enabled on the
portable but in case you had
only the connection with the xbox one e
here was the ip address from yours
xbox one you have to disable it for a
simple reason why the dmz alla
functionality of the opening of the
doors
a little less precise than this
it is nothing more than a bypass of the firewall
for which this is activated and you want
opening the doors tells you it is not
possible because they conflict so
this you disable it and open the doors
as I showed him
otherwise if you don't want to open the doors
and it does not create address problems
peter edo you can also just enable the
DMZ putting what your ip address
writing and clicking on skills
this to make you open the doors and to
just solve a little bit of gods
problems if you have problems if there
they are questions
I hope I was clear
you can very well write me as at
I usually reply to you in the description
as soon as possible if you have any doubts
if you have any request of
some other routers that you don't know how to
enable the doors by saying
ask me also that in the limit of mine
I can give you a hand and maybe you
also creates a tutorial is good for the
moment I greet you bye bye and baby
next bye bye